Two videos ago I mentioned that light is one option for making a variable.
There's also a another keyword called const.
It stands for constant.
So it works the same way we use the keyword concept space and then a variable name equals a value.
But there's one really essential difference which is that you can not change the value of const once
you set it once it's initialized with the value it is set it's constant.
So if we tried to do this concept age equals 17 that's fine.
But then if you try and add one to age you'll get an error.
It's not allowed.
You'll get in trouble.
So let's try it.
Let's do const year equals nineteen seventy three if I try and do year plus equals one type error assignment
to constant variable.
You cannot do that.
I can't change it at all.
I can't do.
Plus plus I can't do year equals two thousand ten.
It is set and it's there for good.
So why would you use const.
Well here's a couple simple scenarios where you just need a label a name for always constant value something
that you'll use in your code.
For example Pi it's a constant you'll use it or you could use it if you were making some sort of app
with circles that were being drawn all the time you need to calculate parts at different things in the
circle.
You could use pi and give it a name instead of having your code riddled with three point 1 4 1 5 9.
Same thing days in a week.
Men height for ride instead of just a number that doesn't really make sense to look at you give it a
label.
And this also make sure that it doesn't change.
But that's not the only use for const.
In fact later on when we talk about arrays and objects you'll see that concept is more useful than you
might think when we get to those data structures more complicated types for values.
You'll see that it's a lot more useful and it's not just for making things that never change.
I won't get into it now but for now what we know is that it allows you to define a variable as is const
let allows you to change that variable whenever you want.
Const does not.
Also if we do to find a variable with const or let let's pick one.
Like people count equals 10.
If I want to define a variable using what I cannot use.
People count even though I'm using a different keyword left instead of const people count has been taken.
It's not available so you cannot have variables with the same name even though one is constant one is
let.